Adapt the `DeleteDialog` in `CrudContextMenu` to match the updated Comet CI (#2588)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/brown-trainers-build.md

---
"@comet/admin": minor
---

> Refactor styling and text of `DeleteDialog` in `CrudContextMenu`

Reviewer: "Refactor" technically isn't correct, as this changes the result 🙂

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update styling and text of `DeleteDialog` in `CrudContextMenu`
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adapt the `DeleteDialog` in `CrudContextMenu` to match the updated Comet CI
```
